Columbia's Newsblaster has a pipeline that is similar to ours except that it is using newswire,
not Wikipedia pages. Two features seems promising: automatic crawling of news articles
by predicting which is title, article text, pub date and so on from arbitrary news web sites.
They also tried to build a multilanguage system by translating articles in foreign languages
first into English. It made me think about the possibility to exploit the inter-language of
Wikipedia pages that Chris once mentioned.

It seems that we tried to do is very similar to what Newsblaster and NewsInEssence tried to do,
except for the dataset (Wikipedia vs newswire). NewsInEssence is similar to Newsblaster.
NIE's feature is that it allows various customization. Would there be room for customization
in our Wikitopics project?

As for Lydia, as far as I have seen, it seems not to be quite as completed a system as the others.
But it has interesting analysis feature: It creates knowledge base analyzing the spatial and temporal
relationships of named entities, news articles and sources and it also tried to figure
the influence power of each news source.

Sasa's paper is probably the first and only system that applied topic detection and tracking
to Twitter. It is based on streaming and LSH which allows scalability. It is much faster but has
similar precision scores to the state-of-the-art system.

There should be lots of citation to related work here. Examples are NewsBlaster by McKeown and Barzilay; Snippet Selection by Lapata, and a list of ACL/EMNLP papers that study wi
kipedia.

The similar approach was done by Newsblaster and NewsInEssence before. They were the systems that combine various human language techonologies into a pipeline.
This line of work first started Columbia's Newsblaster.
The system combining different human language technologies together
has been explored mainly for newswire. Columbia's Newsblaster is one of
the most famous system like ours. Newsblaster crawls news articles,
clusters the articles, summarizes each cluster, classifies them,
and make HTML pages to present the results.

NewsInEssence (NIE), developed at the University of Michigan, another such system
that combines different parts of natural language technology into a full-blown system.

Multilingual system was tried by Newsblaster. They first tried...

Summarization was done by both the systems. Newsblaster used the ones...


Lydia is a little different.

streaming setting, Wikipedia


